ELLISA KHOJA
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ellisa-khoja/
Github: https://github.com/ellisa1419

Email : ellisa.khoja@gmail.com
Mobile : +1-518-423-7196

Education
•University at Albany, SUNY

Albany, NY

Master of Science in Computer Science; GPA: 3.5

Aug 2017 - Dec 2018

Kalol Institute of Technology and Research Center
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Engineering; GPA: 3.4

Gujarat, India
Aug. 2010 – July. 2014

Experience
•University at Albany - Research Assistant

Albany, NY

Sept 2017 - Present

◦ DSARMD: Worked on improving performance of DSARMD project of IARPA to calculate social linguistic scores
of leadership, task control, topic control for the chat room data using Algorithms, NLP library, Stanford Tagger,
Java and Weka Machine Learning
◦ SimOn: Worked on Social Simulation project of DARPA to generate simulation of Github Events from the past 2
years Github archive data using Java, Python, Scala, Markov chain model

•CIGNEX Datamatics - Senior Software Engineer Ahmedabad, India July 2016 - July 2017

◦ Hotel Operations Management: Worked on upgrading existing Application from Java 1.6 to 1.8 and upgraded
Hibernate and Jboss versions. Re-coded ORM layer and performed database cleaning. Created new batch jobs and
cron jobs to handle timely Report generation in Excel and PDF using Jasper Reports. Deployed application on
Production and bug fixes. Tools used Hibernate, Spring, Java, Angular 1.x, Rest API

•

CIGNEX Datamatics - Software Engineer

Ahmedabad, India

July 2014 - June 2016

◦ Franchise Management Platform: Developed application to manage Franchise operations including contracts in
Alfresco, location selection, license, Employee Training, Revenue Reports and Inspection Module using Java,
Liferay 6.x, MySQL, Rest API
◦ MSA: Developed module for Advance Search using Jquery and AJAX using varied search combination for hotel
brands, location, revenue. Retrived document, articles, and wikis based on user’s permission and role.

•

CIGNEX Datamatics - Software Engineer, Intern

Ahmedabad, India

Jan 2014 - May 2014

◦ Interaction Center: As a part of this development we integrated GNATS tool, developed a custom query parser,
live dashboard showing records using jquery datatable with sorting, filtering features. We have created a common
portlet that displays the records as per selected template and the user can change the template if required. Tools:
Liferay, JQuery datatable, Java, Hibernate

Programming Skills
• Languages: Scala, Python, Javascript, C++, SQL, Java, J2EE, Hibernate, Web Services
• Technologies: Eclipse, Netbeans, SVN, Git, IntelliJ, Pycharm

Personal & Academic Projects
• Query Expansion Using Wordnet: Query Expansion using Wordnet to add synonyms for each token in query to
improve the precision and recall using lucene search engine in Information Retrieval. Languages: Python, Lucene
• Simple DB- Java Application: Created Simple-db java application to store , read, iterate and update the tuples.
Language: Java
• Twitter Bots Detection: Used Twitter API to retrieve tweets and calculated bot score using varied matrics for
language size and time of tweets and Social Circle of user. Language: Python

